# employee-roster-generator

## Description 
This application allows the user to assemble a team's info in one convenient place using the command line. The application gathers the employee's job type, ID, and email and creates an HTML page based off of the input. You may add as many employees as you need. 

[All of the questions asked by this application](./assets/questions.png)

[Example of the output generated by this application](./assets/output.png)

### Instructions for use
1. Open the commandline. 
2. Enter "node app.js" in the commandline and press enter. 
3. The application will ask a series of questions. The first set will be about the manager. Press enter after every answer to submit the answer and to get the next question. 
4. After answering all of the questions about the manager, the application will ask if you would like to add an engineer, intern, or if you have finished the adding all of the employees. Use the arrow keys to navigate the list of choice and press enter when your chosen option is highlighted to select that option. 
5. If you have selected to add an engineer, the application will ask a series of questions about the engineer. Answer them by typing in your answer and pressing enter. 
6. If you have selected to add an intern, the application will ask a series of questions about the intern. Answer them by typing your answer and pressing enter. 
7. After answering all of the questions about the engineer or intern, you will have the option to add another employee or to finish the application. Steps 5-7 may be repeated as many times as necessary. 
8. If all of the employees have been added, select "No more to add" using the arrow keys and press enter. 
9. Congratulations! The application will generate an HTML file in the 'output' folder. All of the steps for using this application have been completed. 

## Credits
Trilogy Education Services wrote the render html code. 
The UI was created using Bootstrap.
The icons for each employee was created by Font Awesome.